docker attach – Access inside the container and work from it.
docker build – Using instructions from a Dockerfile, I can create an image.
docker commit – Creates an image from a container.
docker cp – Copies files or directories from the container to the host.
docker create – Creates a new container.
docker diff – Displays changes made to the container’s filesystem.
docker events – Displays container events in real time.
docker exec – Executes an instruction inside the container that is running without needing to attach it to it.
docker export – Exports a container to a .tar file.
docker history – Displays the history of commands that were executed within the container.
docker images – Lists the images available on the host.
docker import – Imports a .tar image to the host.
docker info – Displays information about the host.
docker inspect – Display the json with all container configurations.
docker kill – Poweroff the container.
docker load – Loads the image from a .tar file.
docker login – Register or log in to a registry server.
docker logout – Logs out of a registry server.
docker logs – Displays the logs of a container.
docker port – Opens a host and container port.
docker network – Docker network management.
docker node – Management of Docker Swarm nodes.
docker pause – Pauses the container.
docker port – Lists the mapped ports of a container.
docker ps – Lists all containers.
docker pull – Pulls an image from a registry server.
docker push – Pushes an image from a registry server.
docker rename – Renames an existing container.
docker restart – Restarts a container that is running or stopped.
docker rm – Removes one or more containers.
docker rmi – Removes one or more images.
docker run – Runs a command in a new container, pulling the image if needed and starting the container.
docker save – Saves the image to a .tar file.
docker search – Searches for an image in Docker Hub.
docker service – Management of Docker services.
docker start – Starts a stopped container.
docker stats – Displays CPU, memory and network usage information.
docker stop – Stops a container that is running.
docker swarm – Clustering of applications in an orchestration of several containers, applications together.
docker tag – Tags an image to the repository.
docker top – Displays the processes running in a container.
docker unpause – Starts a container that is paused.
docker update – Updates the configuration of one or more containers.
docker version – Displays the API, Client and Server versions of the host.
docker volume – Management of volumes in Docker.
docker wait – Waits for the execution of a container to return to start that container.
